README.md, before:

# InstaBot
## Project goal
The aim of this project is to build a telegram bot, that accepts an image as a file or photo and uploads it to
Instagram. It also adds appropriate hashtags and geotags based on image data. Video and gallery support could be added at
later stages of the project.

## Setup
In order to get things working user needs to provide these environment variables:

### Instagram 
credentials for an account to post to
````bash
INSTAGRAM_USERNAME=username
INSTAGRAM_PASSWORD=passw0rd
````

### Google Vision API 
credentials for adding appropriate #hashtags,
see [this guide to setup](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/getting-started)
````bash
GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS=/path/to/service/account/file.json
````

### Telegram 
token and settings
````bash
TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN=123456789:FSw4TQw4gwaRARDfasdfaW$R@qrh9jhu

# this is for debugging, set to anything to enable
DEBUG_TELEGRAM_BOT=1

# if set run server as Webhook otherwise run in Long-Polling client mode
WEBHOOK_MODE=1

# bot webhook settings (unneeded in polling mode)
SERVER_BASE_URL=https://www.google.com:8443/
CERT_FILE=cert.pem
KEY_FILE=key.pem
````
to get this key and cert files use something like this:
````bash
$ openssl req -x509 -newkey rsa:2048 -keyout key.pem -out cert.pem -days 3560 -subj "//O=Org\CN=Test" -nodes
````
 or use ones from LetsEncrypt

## Running
The program expects no parameters, just set environment variables correctly. It could be run like so:
````bash
$ instabot
````
After running the program sits there and listens for incoming updates from telegram.

### Docker
For convenience a simple `Dockerfile` is provided. Using it one can build a container:
_NOTE: Before building a container don't forget to place all necessary file(s) inside the folder,
such as keys, certs, JSONs._
````bash
$ docker build -t instabot .
````
And then run it like so:
````bash
$ docker run -e INSTAGRAM_USERNAME=username -e INSTAGRAM_PASSWORD=passw0rd -e TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN=123456789:FSw4TQw4gwaRARDfasdfaW$R@qrh9jhu -e GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS=/path/to/service/account/file.json instabot
````

Commit message:

💄 add style transfer api support 📜 document new env var STYLE_SERVER_URL 🔮 pick random filter

README.md, after:

# InstaBot
## Project goal
The aim of this project is to build a telegram bot, that accepts an image as a file or photo and uploads it to
Instagram. It also adds appropriate hashtags and geotags based on image data. Video and gallery support could be added at
later stages of the project.

## Setup
In order to get things working user needs to provide these environment variables:

### Instagram 
credentials for an account to post to
````bash
INSTAGRAM_USERNAME=username
INSTAGRAM_PASSWORD=passw0rd
````

### Google Vision API 
credentials for adding appropriate #hashtags,
see [this guide to setup](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/getting-started)
````bash
GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS=/path/to/service/account/file.json
````

### Telegram 
token and settings
````bash
TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN=123456789:FSw4TQw4gwaRARDfasdfaW$R@qrh9jhu

# this is for debugging, set to anything to enable
DEBUG_TELEGRAM_BOT=1

# if set run server as Webhook otherwise run in Long-Polling client mode
WEBHOOK_MODE=1

# bot webhook settings (unneeded in polling mode)
SERVER_BASE_URL=https://www.google.com:8443/
CERT_FILE=cert.pem
KEY_FILE=key.pem
````
to get this key and cert files use something like this:
````bash
$ openssl req -x509 -newkey rsa:2048 -keyout key.pem -out cert.pem -days 3560 -subj "//O=Org\CN=Test" -nodes
````
 or use ones from LetsEncrypt

### Style transfer
in order to get image stylized, use [this server](https://github.com/nuxdie/fast-style-transfer)
 as a reference implementation:
````bash
STYLE_SERVER_URL=https://example.com/upload
````

## Running
The program expects no parameters, just set environment variables correctly. It could be run like so:
````bash
$ instabot
````
After running the program sits there and listens for incoming updates from telegram.

### Docker
For convenience a simple `Dockerfile` is provided. Using it one can build a container:
_NOTE: Before building a container don't forget to place all necessary file(s) inside the folder,
such as keys, certs, JSONs._
````bash
$ docker build -t instabot .
````
And then run it like so:
````bash
$ docker run -e INSTAGRAM_USERNAME=username -e INSTAGRAM_PASSWORD=passw0rd -e TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN=123456789:FSw4TQw4gwaRARDfasdfaW$R@qrh9jhu -e GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS=/path/to/service/account/file.json instabot
````
